What are you doing?
You looked at me outside the bathroom just now
Plus a kiss, we both bully
Who let you bully me?
Don't think I can't do anything about you like this.
What can you do to me?
Don't you just kiss 200 once?
I kiss a few more times
Oh yes
Don't move
Loud and clear, let me tell you
Sister Mengying, you two
Hey, sister, no
It's not what you think we are
That's what happened, hahaha.
Okay, oops, um
I have good news for you tonight
Good news what good news
Sister Luo Yun, the good news you said will not be
My dad's surgery is over
What are you thinking?
There are many simulations to be done before surgery
How can it be so fast?
But what?
Now your dad's surgery plan is finally set
And with a 90% success rate
Oh, really?
That's great, Sister Luoyun
So what do you mean?
Is that my dad's going to be cured soon?
Can you leave the hospital?
Not so fast
The hospital asked me to be the chief surgeon this time
Well, don't worry.
I will definitely cure the surgery
But we are so snobbish this time
Thank you to a mysterious person
Who is the mysterious man?
Originally, our plan has been rejected this time.
Well, this morning
The mysterious person suddenly sent me a plan
Through research
I find this plan to be the most perfect so far.
Really? That's great, Sister Luo Ying
The mysterious person you mentioned
It's not your suitor, is it?